[Ready for Review] Add welcome bot (#1067)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: README.md

We really appreciate any references that you make to _The Turing Way_ project in your and we hope it is useful.
If you have any questions please [get in touch](#get-in-touch).

### Citing _The Turing Way_ illustrations

> _The Turing Way_ llustrations are created by Scriberia artists as part of [_The Turing Way book dashes](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/tree/master/workshops/book-dash) in Manchester on 17 May 2019, and London on 28 May 2019 and 21 February 2020. 

Author: ```suggestion
_The Turing Way_ illustrations are created by artists from [Scriberia](https://www.scriberia.co.uk/) as part of [_The Turing Way_ book dashes](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/tree/master/workshops/book-dash) in Manchester on 17 May 2019, and London on 28 May 2019 and 21 February 2020. 
```

> They depict a variety of content of the handbook, collaborative efforts in the community and The Turing Way project in general. 

Author: ```suggestion
They depict a variety of content from the handbook, collaborative efforts in the community and _The Turing Way_ project in general. 
```

> These illustrations are available on Zenodo: https://zenodo.org/record/3695300 under a CC-BY license.

Author: ```suggestion
These illustrations are available on Zenodo ([https://zenodo.org/record/3695300)](https://zenodo.org/record/3695300) under a CC-BY license.
```

When using any of the images, please include the following attribution:
> This image was created by Scriberia for The Turing Way community and is used under a CC-BY licence.

The latest version from Zenodo can be cited as:
> The Turing Way Community, & Scriberia. (2020, March 3). Illustrations from the Turing Way book dashes. Zenodo. http://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3695300

> We have used a few of these illustrations in [Welcome Bot](https://github.com/apps/welcome) responses to the new members' contributions on this GitHub.

Author: ```suggestion
We have used a few of these illustrations in the [Welcome Bot](https://github.com/apps/welcome)'s responses to new members' contributions in this GitHub repository.
```
